REFERENCE.md, before:

# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`dconf`](#dconf): Manage 'dconf' and associated entries

#### Private Classes

* `dconf::install`: Install the dconf packages

### Defined types

* [`dconf::profile`](#dconf--profile): Updates a ``dconf`` profile entry to ``/etc/dconf/profile/$name``
* [`dconf::settings`](#dconf--settings): Add a dconf rule to the profile of your choice  This adds a configuration file to the /etc/dconf/db/<profile>.d directory. The dconf database

### Data types

* [`Dconf::DBSettings`](#Dconf--DBSettings): Valid dconf database settings
* [`Dconf::SettingsHash`](#Dconf--SettingsHash): Valid individual dconf settings

## Classes

### <a name="dconf"></a>`dconf`

Manage 'dconf' and associated entries

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dconf` class:

* [`user_profile`](#-dconf--user_profile)
* [`user_settings`](#-dconf--user_settings)
* [`package_ensure`](#-dconf--package_ensure)
* [`use_user_profile_defaults`](#-dconf--use_user_profile_defaults)
* [`user_profile_defaults_name`](#-dconf--user_profile_defaults_name)
* [`user_profile_target`](#-dconf--user_profile_target)
* [`use_user_settings_defaults`](#-dconf--use_user_settings_defaults)
* [`user_settings_defaults_name`](#-dconf--user_settings_defaults_name)
* [`tidy`](#-dconf--tidy)
* [`authselect`](#-dconf--authselect)

##### <a name="-dconf--user_profile"></a>`user_profile`

Data type: `Dconf::DBSettings`

The contents of the default user profile that will be added

@see data/common.yaml

##### <a name="-dconf--user_settings"></a>`user_settings`

Data type: `Optional[Dconf::SettingsHash]`

Custom user settings that can be provided via Hiera globally

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dconf--package_ensure"></a>`package_ensure`

Data type: `Simplib::PackageEnsure`

The version of `dconf` to install

* Accepts any valid `ensure` parameter value for the `package` resource

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::package_ensure', { 'default_value' => 'installed' })`

##### <a name="-dconf--use_user_profile_defaults"></a>`use_user_profile_defaults`

Data type: `Boolean`

Add the default `user_profile` settings to the system

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-dconf--user_profile_defaults_name"></a>`user_profile_defaults_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name that should be used for the custom `dconf::profile` in
`user_profile`

Default value: `'Defaults'`

##### <a name="-dconf--user_profile_target"></a>`user_profile_target`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name of the profile that should be targeted for the defaults

Default value: `'user'`

##### <a name="-dconf--use_user_settings_defaults"></a>`use_user_settings_defaults`

Data type: `Boolean`

Enable creation of custom `dconf::settings` based on the `user_settings` Hash

Default value: `$use_user_profile_defaults`

##### <a name="-dconf--user_settings_defaults_name"></a>`user_settings_defaults_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name that should be used for the custom 'dconf::settings' as well as
the target profile for those settings

Default value: `$user_profile_defaults_name`

##### <a name="-dconf--tidy"></a>`tidy`

Data type: `Boolean`

If set to true, any files in the profile directory that aren't managed by puppet
will be purged

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-dconf--authselect"></a>`authselect`

Data type: `Boolean`



Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::authselect', { 'default_value' => false })`

## Defined types

### <a name="dconf--profile"></a>`dconf::profile`

Updates a ``dconf`` profile entry to ``/etc/dconf/profile/$name``

* **See also**
  * man
    * 7 dconf

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dconf::profile` defined type:

* [`name`](#-dconf--profile--name)
* [`entries`](#-dconf--profile--entries)
* [`target`](#-dconf--profile--target)
* [`base_dir`](#-dconf--profile--base_dir)

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--name"></a>`name`

A globally unique name for the entry

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--entries"></a>`entries`

Data type: `Dconf::DBSettings`

One or entries in the following Hash format:

@example Profile Hierarchy Hash
  'user':          # Name of the database
    'type': 'user' # DB Type
    'order': 0     # Priority order (optional, defaults to 15)

* The suggested default hierarchy used by the module data is as follows:
  * User DB   => 0
  * SIMP DB   => 10
  * System DB => Between 11 and 39
  * Distro DB => 40

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--target"></a>`target`

Data type: `String[1]`

The target directory within which to create the profile

Default value: `$name`

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--base_dir"></a>`base_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::AbsolutePath`

The base directory that will hold the resulting file

Default value: `'/etc/dconf/profile'`

### <a name="dconf--settings"></a>`dconf::settings`

Add a dconf rule to the profile of your choice

This adds a configuration file to the /etc/dconf/db/<profile>.d directory.
The dconf database is updated when any rule is added.  You can also elect to
lock a value so that general users cannot change it.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dconf::settings` defined type:

* [`settings_hash`](#-dconf--settings--settings_hash)
* [`key_val_separator`](#-dconf--settings--key_val_separator)
* [`profile`](#-dconf--settings--profile)
* [`ensure`](#-dconf--settings--ensure)
* [`base_dir`](#-dconf--settings--base_dir)

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--settings_hash"></a>`settings_hash`

Data type: `Dconf::SettingsHash`

A Hash to define the settings to be generated. You can set whether to lock
each setting like in the exmaple

@example
  {
    'org/gnome/desktop/media-handling' => {
      'automount' => { 'value' => false, 'lock' => false },
      'automount-open' => { 'value' => false }
    }
  }

Default value: `{}`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--key_val_separator"></a>`key_val_separator`

Data type: `String`

The character(s) that should be placed between the key and value, default will be '='.

Default value: `'='`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--profile"></a>`profile`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

The dconf profile where you want to place the key/value.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--ensure"></a>`ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present','absent']`

Ensure the entire settings Hash is present or absent

Default value: `'present'`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--base_dir"></a>`base_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::AbsolutePath`

The database base directory. This probably shouldn't be changed.

Default value: `'/etc/dconf/db'`

## Data types

### <a name="Dconf--DBSettings"></a>`Dconf::DBSettings`

Valid dconf database settings

Alias of

```puppet
Hash[String[1], Struct[{
    'type'  => Enum['user', 'system', 'service', 'file'], # The type of database
    'order' => Optional[Integer[1]]                       # The order of the entry in the list
  }]]
```

### <a name="Dconf--SettingsHash"></a>`Dconf::SettingsHash`

Valid individual dconf settings

Alias of

```puppet
Hash[String[1], Hash[
    String[1],
    Struct[{
      'value' => NotUndef,
      'lock'  => Optional[Boolean]
    }]
  ]]
```

Commit message:

(#64) Removed el7 support, added el10 support, removed simplib dep
Fixes #64

REFERENCE.md, after:

# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`dconf`](#dconf): Manage 'dconf' and associated entries

#### Private Classes

* `dconf::install`: Install the dconf packages

### Defined types

* [`dconf::profile`](#dconf--profile): Updates a ``dconf`` profile entry to ``/etc/dconf/profile/$name``
* [`dconf::settings`](#dconf--settings): Add a dconf rule to the profile of your choice  This adds a configuration file to the /etc/dconf/db/<profile>.d directory. The dconf database

### Data types

* [`Dconf::DBSettings`](#Dconf--DBSettings): Valid dconf database settings
* [`Dconf::SettingsHash`](#Dconf--SettingsHash): Valid individual dconf settings

## Classes

### <a name="dconf"></a>`dconf`

Manage 'dconf' and associated entries

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dconf` class:

* [`user_profile`](#-dconf--user_profile)
* [`user_settings`](#-dconf--user_settings)
* [`package_ensure`](#-dconf--package_ensure)
* [`use_user_profile_defaults`](#-dconf--use_user_profile_defaults)
* [`user_profile_defaults_name`](#-dconf--user_profile_defaults_name)
* [`user_profile_target`](#-dconf--user_profile_target)
* [`use_user_settings_defaults`](#-dconf--use_user_settings_defaults)
* [`user_settings_defaults_name`](#-dconf--user_settings_defaults_name)
* [`tidy`](#-dconf--tidy)
* [`authselect`](#-dconf--authselect)

##### <a name="-dconf--user_profile"></a>`user_profile`

Data type: `Dconf::DBSettings`

The contents of the default user profile that will be added

@see data/common.yaml

##### <a name="-dconf--user_settings"></a>`user_settings`

Data type: `Optional[Dconf::SettingsHash]`

Custom user settings that can be provided via Hiera globally

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dconf--package_ensure"></a>`package_ensure`

Data type: `Variant[String[1],Boolean]`

The version of `dconf` to install

* Accepts any valid `ensure` parameter value for the `package` resource

Default value: `'installed'`

##### <a name="-dconf--use_user_profile_defaults"></a>`use_user_profile_defaults`

Data type: `Boolean`

Add the default `user_profile` settings to the system

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-dconf--user_profile_defaults_name"></a>`user_profile_defaults_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name that should be used for the custom `dconf::profile` in
`user_profile`

Default value: `'Defaults'`

##### <a name="-dconf--user_profile_target"></a>`user_profile_target`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name of the profile that should be targeted for the defaults

Default value: `'user'`

##### <a name="-dconf--use_user_settings_defaults"></a>`use_user_settings_defaults`

Data type: `Boolean`

Enable creation of custom `dconf::settings` based on the `user_settings` Hash

Default value: `$use_user_profile_defaults`

##### <a name="-dconf--user_settings_defaults_name"></a>`user_settings_defaults_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name that should be used for the custom 'dconf::settings' as well as
the target profile for those settings

Default value: `$user_profile_defaults_name`

##### <a name="-dconf--tidy"></a>`tidy`

Data type: `Boolean`

If set to true, any files in the profile directory that aren't managed by puppet
will be purged

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-dconf--authselect"></a>`authselect`

Data type: `Boolean`

Flip this parameter to true if you are using authselect and receiving resource
conflicts

Default value: `false`

## Defined types

### <a name="dconf--profile"></a>`dconf::profile`

Updates a ``dconf`` profile entry to ``/etc/dconf/profile/$name``

* **See also**
  * man
    * 7 dconf

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dconf::profile` defined type:

* [`name`](#-dconf--profile--name)
* [`entries`](#-dconf--profile--entries)
* [`target`](#-dconf--profile--target)
* [`base_dir`](#-dconf--profile--base_dir)

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--name"></a>`name`

A globally unique name for the entry

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--entries"></a>`entries`

Data type: `Dconf::DBSettings`

One or entries in the following Hash format:

@example Profile Hierarchy Hash
  'user':          # Name of the database
    'type': 'user' # DB Type
    'order': 0     # Priority order (optional, defaults to 15)

* The suggested default hierarchy used by the module data is as follows:
  * User DB   => 0
  * SIMP DB   => 10
  * System DB => Between 11 and 39
  * Distro DB => 40

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--target"></a>`target`

Data type: `String[1]`

The target directory within which to create the profile

Default value: `$name`

##### <a name="-dconf--profile--base_dir"></a>`base_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::AbsolutePath`

The base directory that will hold the resulting file

Default value: `'/etc/dconf/profile'`

### <a name="dconf--settings"></a>`dconf::settings`

Add a dconf rule to the profile of your choice

This adds a configuration file to the /etc/dconf/db/<profile>.d directory.
The dconf database is updated when any rule is added.  You can also elect to
lock a value so that general users cannot change it.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `dconf::settings` defined type:

* [`settings_hash`](#-dconf--settings--settings_hash)
* [`key_val_separator`](#-dconf--settings--key_val_separator)
* [`profile`](#-dconf--settings--profile)
* [`ensure`](#-dconf--settings--ensure)
* [`base_dir`](#-dconf--settings--base_dir)

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--settings_hash"></a>`settings_hash`

Data type: `Dconf::SettingsHash`

A Hash to define the settings to be generated. You can set whether to lock
each setting like in the exmaple

@example
  {
    'org/gnome/desktop/media-handling' => {
      'automount' => { 'value' => false, 'lock' => false },
      'automount-open' => { 'value' => false }
    }
  }

Default value: `{}`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--key_val_separator"></a>`key_val_separator`

Data type: `String`

The character(s) that should be placed between the key and value, default will be '='.

Default value: `'='`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--profile"></a>`profile`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

The dconf profile where you want to place the key/value.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--ensure"></a>`ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present','absent']`

Ensure the entire settings Hash is present or absent

Default value: `'present'`

##### <a name="-dconf--settings--base_dir"></a>`base_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::AbsolutePath`

The database base directory. This probably shouldn't be changed.

Default value: `'/etc/dconf/db'`

## Data types

### <a name="Dconf--DBSettings"></a>`Dconf::DBSettings`

Valid dconf database settings

Alias of

```puppet
Hash[String[1], Struct[{
    'type'  => Enum['user', 'system', 'service', 'file'], # The type of database
    'order' => Optional[Integer[1]]                       # The order of the entry in the list
  }]]
```

### <a name="Dconf--SettingsHash"></a>`Dconf::SettingsHash`

Valid individual dconf settings

Alias of

```puppet
Hash[String[1], Hash[
    String[1],
    Struct[{
      'value' => NotUndef,
      'lock'  => Optional[Boolean]
    }]
  ]]
```
